# Squid Arcade

# Description: 
This is an app with a series of mini-games inspired by the popular Netflix series “Squid Game”. The app will includes 2 different games: Red Light Green Light and Marbles.


In the game **Red Light Green Light**, players must reach the finish line within a set time limit without getting eliminated. To do this, players are given a button which when held will move the player forward. When the button is released, the player stops moving. While the player is making their way to the finish line, the game will constantly prompt either green light or red light in random intervals. When the prompt is green light, the player may move forward freely however if the prompt flashes red light and the player is still holding down the button, the player is eliminated. Alternatively, if the player does not move forward far enough to reach the finish line by the time limit, they are also eliminated. This game will have 3 difficulties: easy, medium and hard which will change the amount of time given to the player to complete the game. The game can either be played in single player or 2 player mode on the same device. In 2 player mode, the first player to pass the finish line causes the other player to be eliminated. Alternatively if one player is eliminated, the other player must pass the finish line in order to win. If both players are unable to pass the finish line, the game is a draw.


In the game **Marbles**, players must take all of the opponents marbles in order to win the game. At the beginning of the game, one player is assigned the first picker, and the other the first guesser. Both players begin with 10 marbles and alternate being the guesser and the picker in subsequent turns. At the beginning of each turn, the picker is prompted to gamble any number of marbles they have left in their hand greater (they must gamble something though or at least 1), and the guesser must guess whether the picker has gambled an odd or even number of marbles. After both players have picked, if the guesser was correct, they win all the marbles the picker gambled. If the guesser is wrong, they must give up the number of marbles the picker gambled. This keeps going until a player loses by running out of marbles to gamble. This game can be played either single player against the computer or against another player on the same device.
